Questions:

List three data sources Power BI can connect to.
What is the first step to import data into Power BI Desktop?
How do you refresh imported data in Power BI?
What file formats can Power BI import directly? (Name two.)
What does the "Navigator" window show after selecting a data source?
Import Sales_Data.csv and load only the "Product" and "Price" columns.
How would you change OrderDate to a date format during import?
What is the difference between "Load" and "Transform Data" in the import dialog?
Why might you see an error when connecting to a SQL database? (Name one reason.)
How do you replace a data source after importing it?
Write the M-code to import only rows where Quantity > 1.
How would you change the data source if Sales_Data.csv changed?
Troubleshoot: Your CSV import fails due to a "mixed data type" error—how do you fix it?
Connect to a live SQL database with parameters (e.g., filter by year).
How would you automate data imports using Power BI and Power Automate?
-----
Answers:
1. MSSQL(MySQL, PostgreSQL) database, Excel and Sharepoint files
2. To click on button get data on the home tab
3. Click refresh button on the tab
4. Excel(.xlsx) and CSV(.csv)
5. Shows a preview of the data source's contents
6. ...
7. Using "Transform data" on "Navigator" and going to Query editor to set specific datatype for each column
8. Load directly transfers the data to powerbi but using transform we can adjust datastructure, columns and etc. before even loading it
9. Having a spelling mistake in server or database name
10. Go to Query editor>Advanced editor then change the source of the file in the M-code
11. let
    Source = Csv.Document(File.Contents("[source]")),
    #"Promoted Headers" = Table.PromoteHeaders(Source, [PromoteAllScalars=true]),
    #"Filtered Rows" = Table.SelectRows(#"Promoted Headers", each [Quantity] > 1)
in
    #"Filtered Rows"
12. Go to advanced editor and update the file path
13. Go to transform and manually set new datatypes for the problematic columns
14. ...
15. In Power BI Service, we can publish the report
In Power Automate, creating a flow:
Using a trigger to schedule the import
Adding an action like "Refresh a dataset" (by Power BI connector), selecting the dataset in the workspace
Configure the flow to run at desired intervals (hourly, daily, weekly...)
Ensure the data source supports automatic refresh (cloud-based sources for example)
Save and test the flow to confirm the dataset refreshes as scheduled